
!************

    7/27:

	The following are 3 variations, which demo
	  1. minimal logging (default - info on all)
	  2. maximal logging (trace on all))
	  3. custom logging (fatal-only, except info on one Log)

  1. Default SimpleLog config (info level logging):

	following data is for: 
		commons-logging.properties

org.apache.commons.logging.Log = org.apache.commons.logging.impl.SimpleLog
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.defaultlog = info

	following data is for:
		 simplelog.properties

org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.defaultlog = info
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.log.xxxxx = info
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.showlogname = false
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.showShortLogname = true
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.showdatetime = true
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.dateTimeFormat = yyyy/MM/dd HH:mm:ss:SSS zzz



  2. To turn on all openaz (but not sunxacml) logging, copy and replace
	the following data in the designated files in the bin directory.

		commons-logging.properties
org.apache.commons.logging.Log = org.apache.commons.logging.impl.SimpleLog
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.defaultlog = trace

		 simplelog.properties
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.defaultlog = trace
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.log.xxxxx = info
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.showlogname = false
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.showShortLogname = true
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.showdatetime = true
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.dateTimeFormat = yyyy/MM/dd HH:mm:ss:SSS zzz



  3. variation where fatal is for everything except the
	named Log, OpenAzTutorialInstance (to distinguish it
	from the static Log)

		commons-logging.properties
org.apache.commons.logging.Log = org.apache.commons.logging.impl.SimpleLog
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.defaultlog = fatal

		simplelog.properties
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.defaultlog = fatal
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.log.OpenAzTutorialInstance = info
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.log.xxxxx = info
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.showlogname = true
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.showShortLogname = false
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.showdatetime = true
org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.dateTimeFormat = yyyy/MM/dd HH:mm:ss:SSS zzz

*******************!

!*****************

	Configuration for SimpleLog:

Simple implementation of Log that sends all enabled log messages, for all defined loggers, to System.err. The following system properties are supported to configure the behavior of this logger:

org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.defaultlog - 
	Default logging detail level for all instances of SimpleLog. 
	Must be one of ("trace", "debug", "info", "warn", "error", or "fatal"). 
	If not specified, defaults to "info". 

org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.log.xxxxx - 
	Logging detail level for a SimpleLog instance named "xxxxx". 
	Must be one of ("trace", "debug", "info", "warn", "error", or "fatal"). 
	If not specified, the default logging detail level is used. 

org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.showlogname - 
	Set to true if you want the Log instance name to be included in output messages. 
	Defaults to false. 

org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.showShortLogname - 
	Set to true if you want the last component of the name to be included in output messages. 
	Defaults to true. 

org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.showdatetime - 
	Set to true if you want the current date and time to be included in output messages. 
	Default is false. 

org.apache.commons.logging.simplelog.dateTimeFormat - 
	The date and time format to be used in the output messages. 
	The pattern describing the date and time format is the same that is used 
	in java.text.SimpleDateFormat. 
	  If the format is not specified or is invalid, the default format is used. 
	The default format is yyyy/MM/dd HH:mm:ss:SSS zzz. 
	                      2010/07/23 22:52:40:140 EDT [DEBUG] OpenAzTutorial - Logging Debug (fine)

In addition to looking for system properties with the names specified above, 
this implementation also checks for a class loader resource named "simplelog.properties", 
and includes any matching definitions from this resource (if it exists).


***************!

